Week 1
Group formed. I created the Jira & GitHub accounts.
We discussed all projects and chose Project 1 Meal Recommendation System.
We also divided the group roles, I am the admin of our group as well as a frontend developer.

Week 2
We talked about the basic and novel functionalities and assigned the proposal tasks.
I identified and wrote the Sprint schedule of the proposal and
defined the user stories of Sprint 1 and the Product in Jira.
I also set up the frontend frame using React in GitHub.

Week 3
We finished the proposal and submitted it. We started the Sprint 1 and planned to
finish it by the end of week 4. We also set up some necessary coding environments.

Week 4
I finished the register, login and logout functions. I also finished the editing profile
and changing password functions. We are close to complete the Sprint 1.
However, there are still some small bugs, and we plan to fix them in Week 5.

Week 5
We did the Progressive Demo A in lab time and our tutor gave us some advices and feedback.
We also did the Retrospective A.
According to the advices and feedback from tutor, I fixed the bugs in Sprint 1, including UI/UX
and functions. I also changed some file structure and code structure.
We started the Sprint 2 and I began to develop the functions of recipes.

Week 6
It was a flexible week. I began to develop the frontend pages of 'create', 'edit'
and 'delete' recipe functions.
I constructed the frame for these three functions and also developed some basic components.

Week 7
I finished the frontend pages of 'create', 'edit' and 'delete' recipe functions.
We also did some necessary tests and ended the Sprint 2.
We prepared for the Progressive Demo B.

Week 8
We did the Progressive Demo B in lab time and our tutor gave us some advices and feedback.
We also did the Retrospective B after the lab time, and we started the Sprint 3.
We assigned the tasks in Sprint 3 and I also fixed some bugs in Sprint 2.
We planned to finish the Sprint 3 before the lab time in Week 10.
I began to develop the frontend pages of 'the most popular contributors'
and 'the hottest recipes' functions.

Week 9
I finished the ranking function and tested it.
We began to integrate all the code and the whole system.
We began to test the whole system and fix the bugs we found.
We began to write the documents about the introduction of our system and how to use it.
We began the rehearsal for the final demo.
I began to assign the tasks of writing the report.

Week 10
We integrated our code and deployed our system on AWS cloud.
We did our final demo.
We wrote our report and submitted it.
We submitted our code.
Happy Ending!
